Job title: Marine Biologist

Job summary:
A Marine Biologist, studies and researches the ocean and aquatic life. Their main duties include conducting experiments, caring for sick and injured sea creatures and monitoring the everyday functions of marine life.
Duties and Responsibilities
The duties and responsibilities of a Marine Biologist are developed through university years, internships and volunteer opportunities, as well as entry-level jobs with a similar work environment. Marine Biologists have a specific set of duties and responsibilities that are unique to their job.


Develop and conduct research on the relationships of organisms in the marine environment.
Study characteristics of animals in the ocean like their species interaction, diseases, movement patterns, etc.
Analyze the effect of human activity on marine ecosystems.
Collect biological data and specimens to analyze.
Monitor and manage wildlife populations and invasive plants and animals.
Write research papers and articles explaining their findings.
Develop conservation plans and recommendations to policymakers and the public.
Skills and Qualifications
In order to undertake the requirements of Marine Biologist there have to be specific skills and qualifications that need to be done over the years of experience as an intern, volunteer and at the university level, for instance.


The following are important skills and qualifications for Marine Biologists:
Marine Biologists may have to endure long periods of being with little human contact and in remote areas so they should have emotional stability and physical stamina to endure these days working with wildlife.
Marine Biologists should have keen observation skills to notice a change in behavior or the ecosystem he/she is studying.
Biologists should have good communication skills if they have to speak about their research in front of an audience.
Reasoning and judgment are important to draw conclusions from observations and research.
Biologists may also work with others on the same or related projects so they should have good interpersonal skills in order to get along with others.
Biologists come up with possible solutions to the problems that are encountered through research such as habitat loss or disease, so it is important to have problem solving skills.
Outdoor skills are very important as biologists will spend long amount of time outside, so creativity in navigating terrain or carrying heavy equipment is important.
