job title: Senior Archaeologist
Description: 
Are you eager to build on your experience of historical archaeological management with a team of leading specialists? 

Would you like to a role that combines field work, reporting and team collaboration that sparks innovation?

Are you looking for a steady flow of interesting and diverse projects? 

At EMM, we believe that a sustainable future is achievable and we proactively pursue opportunities to help our clients and the community make it a reality. Our dedicated team of environmental professionals are committed to driving positive change through innovation, collaboration and out-of-the-box thinking.
 
We were honoured to be recognised in the 2025 Beaton Client Choice Awards. Unlike many industry awards, the Client Choice Awards are judged solely on client feedback. That’s what makes this recognition so meaningful: 
 
• Best Built & Natural Environment Consulting Firm (>$30M revenue)
• Most Trusted Firm: Built & Natural Environment Consulting
• Best Provider of ESG Services: Built & Natural Environment Consulting

We are a collaborative team, from early career archaeologists to highly experienced industry leaders with a diverse blend of backgrounds including academia, public sector, and consulting. We are always challenging ourselves to bring practical, innovative approaches that make a difference to truly diverse projects, from small-scale residential developments to some of the largest development projects in Australia 

Here’s what you can expect in your new role with EMM:

You will bring your experience in heritage management to a range of projects in historical heritage, from pre-design concept inputs, heritage assessments, approvals, post-approval management, through to unexpected discoveries or unauthorised impacts requiring remediation.
You’ll join an amazing team of experienced heritage professionals who’ll provide mentorship and interesting opportunities to help you grow your experience through working on a diverse range of projects. In turn, you will mentor graduate and early career archaeologists in our team.
You will be confident in the field, able to undertake jobs independently and work as part of a team on more complex surveys and excavation programs.
You will be able to write archaeological assessments, research designs and field reports as part of a collaborative team.
You will play a role in managing and implementing projects and preparing proposals, liaising with clients and the community.
You will be surrounded by a supportive team and have the autonomy, flexibility and support you need to balance all aspects of your life 

Here’s what you will bring to have impact: 

A relevant tertiary degree in archaeology, history, or heritage studies 
At least 2 years archaeological consulting experience in historical heritage management; including field investigations and impact assessment.
An understanding of NSW historical heritage legislation and management, particularly the NSW Heritage Act 1977 
Demonstrated experience in client liaison, project management, working to deadlines within budget constraints, engaging and managing subcontractors, reviewing technical reports
Demonstrated reporting and quality assurance skills, underpinned by knowledge of State, Territory, and Commonwealth legislation.
A current valid unrestricted drivers’ license and Construction Industry Safety Induction (White Card)

If you’re looking to be part of a team that values innovation and empowers you to make a real impact, EMM could be the place for you.
When you submit your application, look out for our email confirming safe receipt and important information regarding next steps. 

Our goal is to build a team of EMMers that looks like the world around us — and we want EMMers to stay and grow. As part of our efforts to build an EMM for everyone, we embed diversity, equity, and inclusion into our work, and we aim to cultivate a sense of belonging throughout the company. 

We welcome applications from people with diverse backgrounds regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

Please note we can only consider applicants with a legal right to work in Australia
Unsolicited resumes from recruitment consultants will not be accepted for this position
