Job Title: Legal Counsel

About the job
About the organization

We are a profitable, fast-growing global entrepreneurial enterprise headquartered in North America but operating in Europe and Asia. Our proprietary platform provides products and solutions to major enterprise level customers and is currently expanding into the SME and retail markets.


We are seeking an in-house legal counsel to partner with us in our expansion and support our global team. This person will report directly to the CFO who manages various administrative functions, in addition to finance. 



What you’ll do:

A. Contract Review and Drafting

Review and revise various types of commercial agreements including:
Impact Program Agreements
Processor Agreements
Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs)
Trademark Licensing Agreements
Master Services Agreements (MSAs)
Purchase Orders and Procurement Agreements
Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Agreements
Employment and Independent Contractor Agreements
Amendments and Addenda
Order Forms
Terms and Conditions 
Draft legal documents on demand, including:
Letters of Intent
Terms and Conditions for Supply
Memoranda of Understanding (MoU’s)
Company Policies and Procedures
Vendor Agreements


B. E-signature Support

Coordinate and manage DocuSign workflows for secure e-signatures.


C. Insurance Liaising

Act as liaison between internal teams and insurance providers.
Coordinate with Insurance providers for insurance policies and certificates.


D. Project Management and Task Tracking

Maintain and update the Jira board and requests submitted on Jira Board.
Track document requests, review cycles, contract status, and compliance obligations.


E. Legal Consultation and Risk Advisory

Participate in cross-functional meetings to provide legal input on business strategy and operations.
Offer legal risk assessments and mitigation strategies for commercial initiatives.
Liaising with local law firms across various operational jurisdictions to ensure coordinated legal support and compliance.
Ensure governance functions in various jurisdictions are operating smoothly. 


What You’ll Need:

5+ years of legal experience; industry agnostic but technology and ecommerce are a plus.
Licensed lawyer in your jurisdiction
Ability to be independent, hands on and support stakeholders in multiple jurisdictions and time zones
High energy, flexibility and ability to work remotely in a dynamic cultural environment
Fluent, professional level of English is a requirement
Legal and moral integrity


If you do not meet all the requirements or have experience in each of the required job categories, you are still encouraged to apply. 



How to apply:

Please provide your salary requirements in your application. Resumes received without salary expectations will not be considered. 



Short listed candidates will be invited to complete an assessment through Test Gorilla. This minimizes unconscious bias in our hiring process. Successful candidates will be invited to a job interview.


Equal Opportunity Statement:

We are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse workplace. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected factor.