Job Title: Travel Sales Consultant

About the job
Educational Program Specialist

EF Educational Tours

Full Time

Entry-Level

Start Date: July 15th, 2025

Location: Toronto, ON - Hybrid (4 days on-site, 1 day WFH. Opportunity to work from home on Fridays.) 

EF Educational Tours helps teachers change their students’ lives through educational travel. And frankly, EF does student travel better than anyone else. EF itineraries are more than just places to go and things to see. Experiential learning has been at the heart of our programs since the company started, which allows us to spark connections and inspire curiosity, confidence, and self-awareness in teachers and students from across Canada. Our mission is to open the world through education – by helping people see new places, experience new cultures, and learn new things about the world and about themselves.

As an Educational Program Specialist, you’ll get right in on the action as a member of our sales team. You’ll be managing and growing a territory of existing and prospective clients by making outbound sales calls to teachers from across Canada, and maintaining meaningful, long-term customer relationships. You’ll spend your days sharing your passion for travel by having conversations with educators about the benefits of experiential learning, and working together to sign up groups of students for impactful travel experiences in order to reach your goals.

What You'll Do

Acquire new customers and grow existing accounts within your assigned territory, to help teachers launch travel programs & school trips so more students can discover and experience the world 
Run your territory like it’s your own business—identifying, developing, and executing opportunities to drive growth and increase sales 
Support your customers every step of the way—from inspiring them to lead a tour, to helping them recruit student travelers, preparing them for departure, ensuring they enjoy their time on tour and return home safely. 
Forecast and deliver key account metrics (monthly and quarterly sales projections and goals) 
Refine your sales techniques and support customers through email, phone, online presentations, and in-person meetings 
Collaborate with our internal operations teams to ensure the successful delivery of your client’s travel experiences 
Sell a product that truly changes students’ lives by being fearless, focused and having fun- plus, you travel too! 

Who You Are

You’re eager to start or continue your career in sales with a role that offers real responsibility and accountability – an entrepreneur at heart, you’re ready to take charge and forge your own path to success 
You’re goal-oriented and driven - there’s no better feeling to you than hitting a target – or even better, exceeding it! 
You’re fiercely competitive - in a nice, team player sort-of-way 
You’re a great persuasive communicator and natural networker, who loves talking to people and sharing your passion 
You don’t subscribe to the phrase, “that’s not my job” 
You nail the details while moving quickly, never losing sight of the big picture 
You know that you can sell, and you’re not afraid to prove it 
You want to be part of a team that motivates and inspires you 
Going above and beyond is the only way you do things 
Some past sales experience is an asset, but not a requirement! Our comprehensive training program will teach you everything you need to know to build a successful sales career. 

Why You’ll Love Working Here

Work in our light-filled, conveniently located downtown office where you’ll be part of a fun, fast-paced and collaborative team, working together to make an impact. Did we mention we were voted one of Greater Toronto’s Top Places to Work in 2023? Plus, enjoy free coffee and snacks! 
The opportunity to travel with your customers for FREE at least once a year! Experience the product you’ll be selling first-hand by embarking on one of our unique travel itineraries alongside one of our student tour groups 
Take advantage of our professional growth and learning opportunities, including monthly trainings, workshops, and inspiring talks with global leaders and experts 
Participate in social networking opportunities by joining one of our many employee-run social groups, like book club or movie club, or any of our “EFinity” resource groups.
Enjoy four weeks paid vacation, to rest, relax or adventure - plus 11 paid holidays 
Grow your savings with a 20% company match on your RRSP contributions (25% after 5-years!) 
Excellent health, dental, and vision coverage, along with life and disability insurance 
Wellness benefits, including an annual $500 healthy lifestyle reimbursement 
EF program discounts including travel, language schools, childcare, and more 
Discounts at local venues and businesses 
Eligibility for our Workplace Flexibility Program: our pilot hybrid work model with up to two days of remote work per week. 
Competitive compensation, including bonus earning potential! 

About EF Education First

Some companies are in the Business of Technology.

Others are in the Business of Finance….Sports…Or Soft Drinks.

At EF, we're in a different kind of Business.

One that's a little less tangible, and a lot more important.

Because our Business, what we make, makes everything else possible.

We're in the Business of Understanding.

Between people. Between cultures.

For over half a century we’ve been the leader in international educational programs and experiences designed to foster such understanding. Through Language, Cultural Exchange, Academic Studies, and Educational Travel, we create the kinds of immersive experiences that challenge biases, open minds, and pave the way for a more understanding world.

You’ll find our 115 offices located in some of the world’s greatest cities, and filled with smart, driven people who push each other to be better every day. And yes, we have technology, we have finance, we even have sports with our own professional cycling team. But it’s what we do with it – Building greater understanding, breaking down barriers, and creating a better world…that makes all the difference.