Job title: delivery driver

The Seattle Times, the leading source for thoughtful, independent, and relevant news in the Pacific Northwest, is seeking an overnight Delivery Driver (part-time) to join our Circulation team in Lynnwood, WA. As the largest metro daily newspaper provider in the Northwest, we invite you to make our “daily miracle” a reality for our subscribers. Our Pulitzer Prize-winning team relies squarely on the consistency and dedication of our delivery team, which ensures our readers have early access to print news that is conveniently available every single morning.

As a Delivery Driver (also referred to in the company as a “Single Copy” Driver), you will be tasked with successfully delivering newspaper products in a company-supplied van on an established route. Your customers will include a handful of retail outlets, such as schools, vending machines, hotels, and coffee shops.

Please note this job does not deliver to subscribers' homes: our devoted Carriers are responsible for delivery to individual homes and residences.

Schedule: The standard Delivery Driver shift is 12:00 a.m. (midnight) to 9:00 a.m. Please note this role requires employees to regularly work nights and weekends, in addition to some holidays. Shifts range from Monday to Sunday. Hours range from 20 to 30 per week depending on schedule.

Qualifications

Must have clean driving record over the last three years, with no at-fault accidents. Must be able/willing to provide driving abstract.
Must be at least 21 years of age. Only candidates who are 21 or older will be considered. 
High school diploma (or equivalent).
Valid Washington State Driver’s license.
Strong math skills (tested at time of interview).
Ability to communicate effectively with co-workers and vendors.
Able to lift, load, and unload 30-pound newspaper bundles.


Compensation: The full salary range for this position is $20.76 to $20.76.

Benefits

Medical, dental, and vision insurance eligibility for full-time employees
Employee assistance program
Optional life and AD&D insurance and long-term care insurance
401(k) plan and an employer contribution to a pension plan administered by the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust
Vacation time accrued at a rate of 0.0385 hours per hour worked.
Sick time accrued at a rate of 0.0385 hours per hour worked.
9 paid holidays
Complimentary Seattle Times subscription
Wellness program
Parental leave options


Please Note: This position requires the successful completion of pre-employment assessments including a criminal background check, a drug screen (excluding cannabis), and a motor vehicle report once an offer has been made. In addition, you must be able to provide proof of a valid driver’s license prior to hire. Finally, please note that this is a union-represented position.
