Job title: Veterinarian

The Hillsborough County Pet Resource Center is a high volume, open admission county shelter with an 85 - 90% live release rate, and a commitment to save all treatable and manageable pets within reasonable limits. As a team Veterinarian, we are looking for a cooperative team member to work with other veterinarians and a large team of veterinary technicians. The Veterinarians are responsible for providing high-quality medical care, treatment, surgery and all other veterinary procedures for homeless and unwanted pets. The veterinary team oversees most of the shelter euthanasia which happens to be medically related. Team veterinarians have a direct chain of command in the organization. High volume, high quality spay/neuter is essential with over 10,000 adopted pets annually. May be directly involved with criminal/civil cases requiring technically sound reports and testimony. Additional responsibilities include vaccination for rabies or microchip animals as necessary, providing internal and external customer service, employee training, and educating the public on responsible pet care.

Click HERE to view a day in the life of a PRC Veterinarian

Starting Salary

$104,000, negotiable based on qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degree from an American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) accredited university; AND
Licensed as a Veterinarian in the State of Florida; OR
Successful completion of Veterinary Licensure issued by the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation within three months after employment; AND
Possession of a valid Florida Driver's License.


Special Qualifications (May be required depending on area of assignment):

Must be eligible to obtain a Federal Drug Enforcement Administration License for use as a responsible veterinarian for permits and purchases, as well as be a licensed Veterinarian.


Core Competencies

Customer Commitment - Proactively seeks to understand the needs of the customers and provide the highest standards of service.
Dedication to Professionalism and Integrity - Demonstrates and promotes fair, honest, professional and ethical behaviors that establishes trust throughout the organization and with the public we serve.
Organizational Excellence - Takes ownership for excellence through one's personal effectiveness and dedication to the continuous improvement of our operations.
Success through Teamwork - Collaborates and builds partnerships through trust and the open exchange of diverse ideas and perspectives to achieve organizational goals.


Duties and Responsibilities

Examining, triage, prioritizing care and treating sick or injured animals.
Performing spay/neuter and various other surgeries primarily on cats and dogs.
Provides medical care to animals involved in neglect, abuse and animal cruelty criminal/civil case. To include examining and treating animals, including the completion of detailed medical reports.
Overseeing the health of all shelter and foster animals, vaccinating and treating as needed.
Providing internal and external customer service.
Staying current on best practices for shelter medicine and recommending improvements as needed to the organization.
Testifying in court, engaged in depositions and providing medical expertise as needed.
Assists Practice Manager, Lead Veterinarian and Agency Director, as needed for important activities.
Provides necessary education/training for personnel in order to maintain and upgrade skill levels.
This position may be designated to serve as team lead. Team lead duties may include organizing team meetings, discussing project logistics, assigning and reviewing work, setting team goals, addressing and troubleshooting problems, providing training, offer insight, and ensures work performed conforms to the organization's policies and procedures.
Performs other duties as assigned.


Job Specifications

Critical Thinking - Be able to assess infectious disease; shelter medicine; aseptic technique; standards of care in veterinary medicine; perform high volume surgery techniques.
Decision Making - Ability to perform and remain calm under stressful conditions; ability to prioritize, multitask, and triage. Must make life-and-death decisions in stressful conditions including for pets which may or may not have an owner.
Communication - Requires regular contacts with internal persons of importance and influence. Involving considerable tact, discretion and persuasion in obtaining the cooperation of others. Requires the handling of delicate relationships and complex situations. Requires developing and maintaining ongoing external relationships involving difficult formal negotiations. This calls for a well-developed sense of timing, strategy and may involve detailed explanation and interpretation of policies, rules and regulations. Requires the handling of extremely delicate/sensitive relationships and complex situations.
Strategic Planning - Able to see the big and long-term picture, formulates clear strategies and maps steps that show a connection between vision and action and that will clearly accelerate the organization towards its strategic goals.
Leadership - Must be able to lead a team; develop them by providing appropriate resources,training opportunities, and implement continuous improvement.
Managerial/Operational Skills - Manages complex situations, readily distinguishing between what's relevant and what's unimportant. The ability to make difficult decisions in a timely manner.
Analytical Ability - The ability to visualize, articulate, conceptualize or solve both complex and uncomplicated problems by making decisions that are sensible given the available information.
Managing Complexity - Manages complex changes that impact multiple stakeholders such as citizens, government agencies and conflicting priorities and needs.
Other-Must facilitate and cooperate in a true operational team. Includes solving problems, communicating, and coaching team members.
Broad working knowledge of veterinary medicine encompassing examination, diagnosis, testing, treatment, triage and surgical interventions.
Working knowledge of emergency veterinary medicine.
Must maintain a current working knowledge of the best practices in shelter medicine as well as private practice veterinary medicine.
Advanced skills in high volume, high quality spay/neuter.
Exceptional communication - both written and verbal. Ability to handle difficult situations and customers.
Extensive people skills and customer service is required to be successful.
Ability to work productively in a team setting.
Ability to work extended hours, nights, weekends, holidays and emergency operations as needed.
Ability to operate necessary vehicles as needed for the position.


Work Category/Physical Demands

Small spaces, walking or working on uneven surfaces. Work may include outdoor work in all weather conditions common for the area.
Ability to walk, climb stairs and ladders, stoop, bend, stand, push, pull, move and carry heavy objects. Standing for long periods. Ability to perform surgery for up to six hours per day.
Heavy work - Exerting up to 100 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 50 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 20 pounds of force constantly to move objects.


Emergency Management Responsibilities

In the event of an emergency or disaster, an employee may be required to respond promptly to duties and responsibilities as assigned by the employee's department, the County's Office of Emergency Management, or County Administration. Such assignments may be for before, during or after the emergency/disaster.
