Customer Service Representative
Job brief
We are looking for a customer-oriented service representative.
What does a Customer Service Representative do?
A Customer Service Representative, or CSR, will act as a liaison, provide product/services information, answer questions, and resolve any emerging problems that our customer accounts might face with accuracy and efficiency.


The best CSRs are genuinely excited to help customers. They’re patient, empathetic, and passionately communicative. They love to talk and understand the value of good communication skills. Customer service representatives can put themselves in their customers’ shoes and advocate for them when necessary. Customer feedback is priceless, and these CSRs can gather that for you. Problem-solving also comes naturally to customer care specialists. They are confident at troubleshooting and investigate if they don’t have enough information to answer customer questions or resolve complaints.


The target is to ensure excellent service standards, respond efficiently to customer inquiries and maintain high customer satisfaction.
Responsibilities
Customer Service Responsibilities list:
Manage large amounts of incoming phone calls
Generate sales leads
Identify and assess customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction
Build sustainable relationships and trust with customer accounts through open and interactive communication
Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools
Meet personal/customer service team sales targets and call handling quotas
Handle customer complaints, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits; follow up to ensure resolution
Keep records of customer interactions, process customer accounts and file documents
Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies
Take the extra mile to engage customers
Requirements and skills
Proven customer support experience or experience as a Client Service Representative
Track record of over-achieving quota
Strong phone contact handling skills and active listening
Familiarity with CRM systems and practices
Customer orientation and ability to adapt/respond to different types of characters
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively
High school diploma
