Job title: store manager

WHAT YOU’LL DO

As a Store Manager, you’ll oversee the entire customer experience, ensuring high visual and commercial standards that align with global strategies and your store’s local context. Acting in line with our values, you’ll drive both your success and the company’s success.

You will:

Lead your store team to deliver an outstanding customer experience while promoting and selling our products.
Stay informed about your store’s strengths, opportunities, and competitors, with a strong understanding of the local market and customer needs.
Analyse sales performance, set goals, and create plans to optimize results, profits, and stock levels.
Manage scheduling and store maintenance efficiently, aligning with sales budgets and commercial priorities.
Recruit, onboard, and develop your team while fostering an inclusive and collaborative culture that promotes growth and innovation.
Stay updated on fashion trends, customer preferences, and competitors to maintain a competitive edge.
Represent yourself and the brand positively during all customer interactions.


Who You’ll Work With

Our stores are the heart of our company, where customers experience our brand firsthand. As part of the dynamic Store Team, every role—from Sales Advisors, Department Managers, Store Managers and Visual Merchandisers to Assistant Store Managers, Cash Office Responsible, and Delivery Responsible in larger stores—contributes to creating an inspiring and welcoming environment. You’ll also connect with the wider Area Team, collaborating across stores to share insights and drive success together. Alongside your team, you'll play a vital role in helping customers feel confident and express their individuality with the latest trends and timeless styles. By building meaningful connections with customers in our stores, we make fashion accessible and sustainable for all.

Who You Are

We are looking for people with…

Experience in retail management and operations.
A proven track record of strong leadership, with a passion for coaching and developing teams while exemplifying company values and culture.
Proven results using customer centric reporting and tools.
Expertise in sales planning, analysis, and follow-up.


And people who are…

Strong and confident leaders who inspire, coach, and develop their teams with integrity.
Motivated to create great customers experiences while promoting and driving sales.
Ambitious and motivated by performance, competition, and achieving goals.
Analytical problem-solvers with excellent communication skills and a knack for working with numbers and statistics.
Flexible and solution oriented.
Passionate about fashion trends, commerciality, and visual presentation, with a keen awareness of competitors.


Who We Are

H&M Group is a global company of strong fashion brands and ventures. Our goal is to prove that there is no compromise between exceptional design, affordable prices, and sustainable solutions. We want to liberate fashion for the many, and our customers are at the heart of every decision we make.

We are made up of thousands of passionate and talented colleagues united by our shared culture and values. Together, we want to use our power, our scale, and our knowledge to push the fashion industry towards a more inclusive and sustainable future.

WHY YOU’LL LOVE WORKING HERE 

At H&M Group, we are proud to be a vibrant and welcoming company. We offer our employees attractive benefits with extensive development opportunities around the globe.

We value diverse backgrounds, including but not limited to race, ethnicity, gender, age, religion, sexual orientation, and disability.
We pride ourselves on being a values-driven organization, guided by our 7 unique values that have been part of our success story for over 75 years.
We are an inclusive company where you’re encouraged to be yourself at work
You will have access to a large global talent community, where career growth and aspirations have no limits.
We believe in supporting your overall wellbeing and offer comprehensive benefits inclusive of health insurance, wellness for self and family.
You’ll be able to express your personal style with our employee discount at H&M group.
We offer 5 days of working in a week to have great work life balance.


JOIN US 

Our uniqueness comes from a combination of many things – our inclusive and collaborative culture, our strong values, and opportunities for growth. But most of all, it’s our people who make us who we are.

Take the next step in your career together with us. The journey starts here.

We are committed to a recruitment process that is fair, equitable, and based on competency. We therefore kindly ask you to not attach a cover letter in your application.


Qualifications

What you need to succeed :

To be successful in the role as Store Manager, we believe you have proven leadership skills with high level of trust and integrity, clear vision, goals and result driven with a deep interest in developing people.

5+ years management / store management experience in a customer facing environment
Previous experience of leading and managing teams
Knowledge and passion for driving goals forward
Has a passion for profitability and people
Has a customer first mindset