
Job title: Cabin Crew

Role Introduction

Connecting the world to meaningful people, places and experiences. Go higher. Go further. Move Beyond with Cathay Pacific.

Starting today, you can fly high and set your ambition higher than ever before. With a career that takes you places, it’s all about enjoying the boundless opportunities and experiences you can set for yourself.

Our Cabin Crew have always been at the very heart of our business, acting as brand ambassadors who embody our values of being thoughtful, progressive and having a can-do spirit, bringing them to life on every flight. If you have an outgoing, warm, friendly personality and hold a strong passion for creating delightful and memorable customer experiences while travelling around the world, we invite you to join our professional team of Flight Attendants at Cathay Pacific.

Your journey matters to us as much as it does to you. We’re here to help you on your way, setting you up to make the most of everything that lies ahead.

Key Responsibilities

Carry out safety, first aid and security procedures to the highest standard
Be our brand ambassador and provide genuine, personal experiences to all our customers
Deliver service excellence by creating memorable inflight experiences and exceed our customers’ expectations at every opportunity
Attend to customer’s needs in a caring and professional manner
Embrace diversity and be thoughtful and caring to all our customers especially those who need extra help
Be an excellent team player in a culturally diversified environment and contribute to a collaborative and supportive environment
Adapt to situations with confidence, tact and flexibility
Uphold inflight policies and comply with all regulatory requirements

Requirements

Right to work in Hong Kong
Minimum age of 18
High school graduate or above
Proficiency in both written and spoken English and at least one of the following additional languages: Cantonese, Putonghua, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Malaysia, Filipino, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, or Sinhala
Proficiency in Putonghua is an added advantage
Good communication skills
Minimum arm-reach of 208cm on tiptoe
Previous experience in an airline, hospitality or service industry is advantageous

As the position you are applying for is safety-sensitive, the successful candidate will be required to meet the following criteria:

Successfully complete a comprehensive pre-employment background check, including criminal records
Demonstrate physical fitness to meet the requirements of the pre-employment medical assessment
Pass a pre-employment drug test. Testing will be conducted following the HKCAD Guidance for screening of Psychoactive Substances - Annex B, CAD373
